a) Linear Algebra is one of the most fundamental branches of mathematics, having influence on topological, analytic, algebraic, and geometric models. In taking Numerical Analysis class, I've seen the power that linear algebra grants us in solving systems of equations, interpolation, and numerical calculus. This independent reading in the study of advanced extensions of linear algebra, such as the isomorphism theorems and the structure theory of linear operators, will serve as an excellent paradigm for understanding complex mathematical concepts.

b) We will use Roman's book as our main reference of study. The study will begin with a review of the basic concepts of set theory and algebra. After that, we will brush up on the basics of linear algebra in chapters 1 and 2 with vector spaces and linear transformations. Then we will begin the new topics with the isomorphism theorems by February. After a discussion about the isomorphism theorems, we will start with the meat of the course by the end of February: linear operators in chapter 7. Time permitting, we would begin chapter 8 on eigenvalues and eigenvectors before spring break. After spring break, we will finish the discussion chapter 8 and then move into inner product spaces. Then we will finish the course on chapter 10, the theory of normal operators. There will be a spreadsheet attached of the contents.

c)
1. Roman, Steven. Advanced Linear Algebra. 3rd ed. New York: Springer-Verlag, 2008.

2. Conrad, Keith. Zorn's Lemma and some applications. Expository Papers. University of Connecticut. Accessed November 8th, 2016. http://www.math.uconn.edu/~kconrad/blurbs/zorn1.pdf

3. Mileti, Joseph R. Mathematical Logic for Mathematicians. Grinnell College. Modified May 5th, 2016. Accessed November 8th, 2016. http://www.math.grinnell.edu/~miletijo/m444s16/mathlogic.pdf

d) The courses MAT-321, MAT-395, MAT-444, and my self-study of linear algebra have prepared me for this independent study. MAT-321 provides me with the necessary algebraic foundations to tackle and understand algebraic topics. MAT-395 has given me wonderful insight into the applications of linear algebra and has further inspired my curiousity in its foundations. MAT-444 provides me with the tools to wield the fundamental axioms and methods of set theory. My self-study of linear algebra provides me with the basic exposure and introduction to linear algebra.
